----------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL VALIDATOR TOOL LICENSE AGREEMENT
----------------------------------------------------------
INSTALLATION OR USE OF THE ENCLOSED SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ASSENT TO
THE FOLLOWING LICENSE AGREEMENT.

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY:
This License Agreement is a legal agreement between you ("You"),
where You are either an individual person or a single legal entity,
and the Author (Total Validator) for the enclosed software and any
associated documentation (the "Software"). The Software also includes
any software updates, that are provided or made available to You
subsequently to the extent that such items are not accompanied by a
separate license agreement or terms of use. By installing, copying,
downloading, accessing or otherwise using the Software, You agree to
be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the
terms of this Agreement, do not install, access or use the Software
and delete all copies of the Software.

OWNERSHIP.
This Software is licensed and not sold. This Software and its source
code are proprietary products of the Author and are protected by
copyright and other intellectual property laws. You acquire only the
right to use the Software and do not acquire any rights, express or
implied, in the Software other than those specified in this Agreement.
The Author shall at all times retain all rights, title, interest,
including intellectual property rights, in the Software.

LICENSE GRANT.
You are granted a free non-exclusive and non-transferable right to
use and distribute, for personal or commercial purposes the Software,
provided any copy contains this license and all of the original
proprietary notices.

RESTRICTIONS.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, you are
not allowed to: (a) modify or create any derivative works of the
Software; (b) reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise
attempt to derive the source code for the Software except and only to
the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable
law notwithstanding this limitation; (c) manipulate or alter the
components that make up this Software in any way; (d) sell, rent,
lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to the Software;
(e) embed the Software within another product or service.

DISLAIMER OF WARRANTY.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE AND ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES THAT IT IS FREE OF DEFECTS,
MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY
WHO MAY REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA, DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE,
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES, OR A FAILURE
OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE) EVEN IF THE
AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

TERMINATION.
VIOLATION OR NON-ACCEPTANCE OF ANY OF THE ABOVE LICENSE AGREEMENT
IMMEDIATELY AND UNCONDITIONALLY TERMINATES YOUR LICENSE.

APPLICABLE LAW.
This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed in accordance
with English Law and You and the Author agree to submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

THIRD PARTY CODE.
This product includes software developed by the Apache Software
Foundation (http://www.apache.org/). The license for this may be
found in the 'help' folder after installation. If the Java add-on is
installed, then the license for this may be found in the 'jre' folder
after installation.
